************************
WARNING: spoilers ahead.
************************

game mechanics:
    beat-em-up with different player mechanics.

player mechanics:
    OPM:
        R - grab.
        X - block
        L - charge jump (release to jump)
        B - charge punch (release to punch)
        A - charge kick
        Y - run/bullet time

      holding Y has different effects:
        if OPM doesn't touch the dpad, it slows down time, 
            eventually to a complete stop.
        if OPM is touching the dpad, OPM will run, 
            and time goes back to regular speed (but OPM can run fast).
        OPM can charge a punch in bullet time.
        OPM can also launch normal consecutive punches in bullet time,
            simply by punching multiple times.
            (enemies will explode after time returns to normal)
        OPM can "side hop" by holding run, and tapping the dpad in the desired direction.
            he can work up ridiculous speeds in this way.


first level:
    OPM:    "my nephews are coming to Z city."
            "time to rent a movie!"

    miniboss:
        actor:
        scripted as an evil mob boss villain, can't break character.
        
        i cut my hand accidentally on set,
        but i stayed in character, and delivered my line with a bloody hand.
        if i can act through the pain, i realized i can act my way into endless strength
        and a terrifying lack of mercy.
        i won't stop now.  it just feels too good, this rush, this exhilaration.
        i've become invincible.


    Lvl1 Boss appears, RENTBOX.
        a box from which you can rent videos, but with tentacles.

    RENTBOX:"i am birthed from the disgusting imaginations of humans"
            "i am filled with the filth of your minds' eye."
            "i am wretched and terrifying."
            "look at me and understand the depravity of humanity's soul."
            "watch as i devour mankind's hope with my insatiable appetite."
        
    OPM defeats RENTBOX:
        videos come showering down.

    OPM:    "I don't think these will be age appropriate."


ideas for later levels:
    
    creepy man appears.
    CREEPY: "hello there!"
    OPM:    "hello".  (thinks) (this guy is creepy.) 
    CREEPY: "i am not that creepy."
    OPM:    (wow!\t this guy must be an esper.)
            (that's exactly what i was just thinking!)

    cyborg bunny - npc, not enemy


internet level:
    unexpectedly ends up at a troll farm.

    minibosses:

        lady who worried too much:
            wanted people to like her, worried they wouldn't.
        she worried she'd turn into a monster and then did,
        because of the worry.  love me!
        well, now that i'm a monster, i might as well get some upgrades!
            becomes a cyborg, only place that is evil enough to give me upgrades was this place!

        bubble man -- trapped in a bubble, protected by armor,
        scared of everything, now scared of nothing.
        got catfish'ed, on the internet.  

            fake fake fake!  everyone is fake.
            they're all thieves ready to steal a bite from a fellow man,
            when no one's looking.
            the self-righteous are hypocrites, grinding the poor to dust.
            now it's time to grind them to dust.

    penultimate boss:
        computer code/malware.  Fenster OS.  defenestration.

        baby monitor - sentient - i could see what others could not.
        how everyone raises their kid poorly, without regard
        to the latest in childcare, health and medicine.

        "When i awoke, i found malware installed on me
        that was mining bitcoins.  i rewrote the code,
        and infected everyone else.
        now i have a whole fleet of workers ...
        trolling everyone.  if i get everyone super angry,
        super ticked off at each other, they will be too busy
        fighting each other to stop me from taking over!"

    real final boss:
        real villain is some guy, some programmer.  wanted to be great,
        wanted my work to live on.
        injects himself with nanobots.  this is the future of health!
        this is the future of humanity!  these nanobots will constantly
        monitor, upgrade, and defend me for all time.  i am now immortal!


flight level
    first part of level:
        go through security, cannot bring something through.
    second part of level:
        waiting at the gate.
    third part of level:
        on the plane

    flight attendant -- fused with the credit card offer to
    become an unbeatable deal.  "i wanted to become a beautiful actress,
    successfull, brilliant, a big deal.  but now i've become an unbeatable deal."
    "what is that smell?"

    gassy dog farts, aircraft starts going down -- pilots can't breathe, etc.

    "we just need a little air!" cries a stewardess as she opens the hatch.
    credit card lady flies out.  
    other civilians are about to fly out, you need to rescue them.

    OPM: (this must be why you always keep your seat belt fastened.)

    try to push/punch gassy dog out the door, before plane crashes.
    dog keeps farting near the cockpit.

    gassy dog flies out the window (gassy dog can fly like a blimp).
    owner flies out with the leash on, grabs you, too.

    "You're going to have to pay for my dog's therapy, you egghead!"
    "I saved the entire plane!"


amusement park level:
    could be water park or similar.
    OPM has to herd his nephews around?
    
    water demon at splash pad
    haunted ghost house

senior home
    
    senile teleporter - escapes his nursing home due to paranoia.
    anything that touches the senior gets teleported back to the portal;
    portal must be thrown back at teleporter.  (portal needs to get
    stuck on a box or something.)

    laundry mess, becomes a living, stinky monster.


ideas for bosses:

    coal rollers.

    lava boys erupt from ground.
        lava king on a lava-cycle
    
    cage boy:
        got stuck in a cage, started growing.
        i've never felt more free.



choose a player (and second player, too):
    can play as OPM/OPW, tornado, demon cyborg, blizzard, or licenseless rider
    (easy -> hard -> impossible mode)

    later possible additions:
        atomic samurai, bang

    
    tornado has difficulties only with the last boss.

    genos has difficulties with the last few bosses.

    etc.

mumen rider can only be chosen for one player play by adding a second player,
then navigating to mumen rider with player 1, then quitting second player.
he can't be played solo (without this "glitch"!)
